bpo-46333: Honor `module` parameter in ForwardRef (#30536)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-01-11-15-54-15.bpo-46333.B1faiF.rst

> Honor module parameter in :class:`ForwardRef` as it carries semantic information about the forward ref. This affects :func:`__eq__`, :func:`__repr__` and :func:`__hash__` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Honor the ``module`` parameter in :class:`typing.ForwardRef`, as it carries semantic information about the forward reference. This affects the :meth:`__eq__`, :meth:`__repr__` and :meth:`__hash__` methods of the class.
```

> Honor the ``module`` parameter in :class:`typing.ForwardRef`, as it carries semantic information about the forward reference. This affects the :meth:`__eq__`, :meth:`__repr__` and :meth:`__hash__` methods of the class.

Reviewer 2: Docs should be < 80 characters please. I also suggest the following rearrangement to make things more obvious to a user reading this.
```suggestion
The :meth:`__eq__`, :meth:`__repr__` and :meth:`__hash__` methods of
:class:`typing.ForwardRef` now honor the ``module`` parameter of
:class:`typing.ForwardRef`. Forward references from different
modules are now differentiated.
```

The :meth:`__eq__` and :meth:`__hash__` methods of
:class:`typing.ForwardRef` now honor the ``module`` parameter of
:class:`typing.ForwardRef`. Forward references from different

> modules are now differentiated.

Reviewer: The lack of newline at the end of this file is causing the docs-related tests to fail due to a new rst-linting script that was added to the CI a few days ago

```suggestion
modules are now differentiated.

```
